Easiest option: Implement the bar coloring as described above - 
a color scale with only three colors, (e.g. blue, white, and red). 
Assume the user provides the y axis value of interest as a parameter or variable.
Harder option: Implement the bar coloring as described in the paper, 
where the color of the bar is actually based on the amount of data covered 
(e.g. a gradient ranging from dark blue for the distribution being certainly 
below this y-axis, to white if the value is certainly contained, to dark red 
if the value is certainly not contained as the distribution is above the axis)

calculate mean m and margin of error yerr for each of the rows in the data frame
PS. yerr =the margin of error

where margin of error = standard error* C (C is a constant determined by the 95% (Critical value or T-value of 95% of a normal distribution) i.e.abs(qnorm( (1-.95)/2 percentile)), for a normal distribution C is approximately 1.96

and the standard error of the sampling distribution is std_sample/sqrt(Number of samples)

2. plot a bar chart using m and ci, the chart should look like the Figure 1 from (Ferreira et al, 2014) 
shown in the assignment description

3. plot a horizontal line Y

4. based on the value of y (this can be inputed through the update function of the 
animation or manually) set the colour of each of the columns in the bar chart, 
this can be done using an if or switch statement

5. when y is changed, the horizontal line needs to be redrawn and the colours of 
the bars need to be changes based on the new value of y. 
(changing a bar colour was introduced in the lecture)

in the easiest option the value of y can be hard coded, given step 4 is 
implemented. the colour of any bar will be

red if y<bar_height i.e. mean
white or green with low alpha if y ==bar_height
blue if y> bar_height


Calculate your margin of error. You can find the margin of error by using the following 
formula: Za/2 * σ/√(n). Za/2 = the confidence coefficient, where a = confidence level, 
σ = standard deviation, and n = sample size. This is another way of saying that you 
should multiply the critical value by the standard error. Here's how you can solve 
this formula by breaking it into parts:
To find the critical value, or Za/2: Here, the confidence level is 95%. Convert the 
percentage to a decimal, .95, and divide it by 2 to get .475. Then, check out the z 
table to find the corresponding value that goes with .475. You'll see that the closest 
value is 1.96, at the intersection of row 1.9 and the column of .06.
To find the standard error, take the standard deviation, 30, and divide it by the 
square root of the sample size, 1,000. You get 30/31.6, or .95 lbs.
Multiply 1.96 by .95 (your critical value by your standard error) to get 1.86, your 
margin of error.